Previously on Cleverman.
Dad told you to keep
your head down!
What did you think would happen?
that's lovely.
What do you think?
Real?
Every folicle.
Hey, stranger!
Uncle Jimmy was the closest
thing I had to a father.
He chose the wrong.
Cleverman, didn't he?
We can't take them.
Yes, we can!
I want those three escapee's
back by the six o'clock news!!
As long as those kids are here,
our people are targets.
( Soft music playing
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oscar?
"Take Me Home" playing.
- Come on, Jakey!
- Get up, boy!
- Come on!
That's it, buddy.
Come on.
Kick him in the balls, Jakey!
Let's go, skins!
Come on, skins!
Come on!
Oi, oi, stay on him.
Where you going, bruz?
Where you going?
- Get him!
- Ooh!
Defense!
- Yeah, - get him, get him!
- Whoa!
Yeah!
Good one!
- All right, boys,
- let's get set for two.
Sorry, brother.
- Let's go,
- let's go, let's go. - D up, boys. D up.
Come on, Jakey!
Come on! Get into them!
Watch that goal! Goal, goal!
Whoa. Ho. Whoa.
Yeah.
Yes, good one.
Hey, little brother.
- How you doing? You all right?
- I'm all right.
- Guess we're.
- Blood brothers now.
Yeah.
Mr. Slick.
Keep an eye on Djukara.
Come on, skins.
Come on.
Who's open? Who's open?
Get in there!
Hands up! Come on, Gub!
Hey, I'm heading off.
Can you walk me to
the checkpoint?
Come on, Gub.
Block him, block him!
Boo!
- The killings.
- At the old people's home.
Has got the protesters
all riled up again.
I talked to Slade about
getting a film crew in here.
- Another eight.
- People are dead.
Slaughtered.
And you're talking
about film crews.
They use propaganda against us.
We need to fight back
in a way they can understand.
Get them to see that the
Hairies are just like them.
If we can't do that,
we're screwed.
The last attempt at getting footage
didn't exactly turn out right.
Calling in the professionals.
Slade?
Seems genuine.
It's not gonna stop the
killings, though, is it?
They're calling it a massacre.
That's the language of war.
It doesn't matter how many
feel-good stories you tell
about what nice folk
the Hairies are.
Have you spoken - to Koen yet?
What do you want me to do, beg?
He's the ordained one.
Koen has no idea.
You need to talk to him.
- He won't listen to me.
- So make him.
Shouldn't be up to me.
I can only control what I can.
Oi.
Are Hairies welcome?
Hairies out! Hairies out!
Are Hairies human?
Not like us!
See you.
- Do we want them outside the wall?
- Hairies out!
- Are Hairies welcome?
ID, please.
Jarrod... just
checking the progress
of that film crew
coming to the Zone.
Can you call me?
Stop harboring the
Hairies, you black bastard!
- Do we want - them in our schools?
- Hairies out!
- How long are you.
- In the country for?
Three months.
Where you headed next?
Vietnam, Thailand,
- maybe Cambodia.
- If my budget stretches.
Hey, Cambodia.
Angkor is a must.
The ancient Khmer were truly one
of the great civilizations.
Ruins in need - of a makeover.
You have no soul for travel.
All right.
It'll take a few minutes
for the drug to take effect.
After that, I'll be putting you
through a series of tests.
- Till then, just relax.
- Awesome.
Okay.
Using the placebo
or the Hairy juice?
Real thing.
Jamie, just pedal as hard as you
can for as long as you can.
We'll be measuring
your body's response.
Is he gonna turn Hairy?
We're focusing on target
heart rate levels for now.
Still steady at 65.
That pace is remarkable.
He's just smashed the
world 1k sprint record.
Whoa.
Whoa, whoa.
- What's happening?
- He's heating up.
I thought we had sorted this.
I lowered the
mitochondria levels.
Heart rate's 200.
250.
350.
See that his family
are looked after.
As terror
mounts in the community
following the nursing home massacre,
there is renewed pressure
on the government's
containment policies.
This massacre is the first time
that multiple people are suspected
to have been murdered
by a Hairyman in one incident,
causing grave concern that more
multiple attacks will follow.
Belinda Frosche, - Network 8.
Slut.
What?
Go away.
I think this is a conversation
you should be having with Mom.
Not expecting you to understand.
But I want you
to know it's over.
Like I said, you're talking
to the wrong person.
I thought our family
was different.
I thought you were
different, better.
At least that's what everyone
else seems to think.
I mean, Jesus, Dad.
Why?
And her of all people?
Blaming the Hairies for all those
killings like she just loves it?
I reckon you'd have more to say
if some guy did this to me.
If you don't tell Mom, I will.
Good song?
I made it.
You gonna do something?
I'm not her keeper.
Mate...
Would you like a drink?
- Where is he?
- Out the back.
You look like a whiskey man.
- I'll get you one.
- On the house.
How do you take it?
Neat.
Yes.
See, I like a man who
appreciates his single malt.
- The punters here, - they mix
cola, All sorts of rubbish.
It's a travesty.
What the hell - are you doing?
- About to ask you.
- The same thing.
- More people dead, - and what are you.
- Doing about it?
- What?
- That soccer kid.
Old people last night.
Or don't you watch the news?
- All dead, all with.
- Their hearts ripped out.
What are you on about?
Hairies did all that.
- They're not.
- What's doing the killing.
Never got it, did you?
It's just stories, - Waruu,
- Like the Easter Bunny,
- like Santa Claus.
- I'm sorry.
- To break it to you.
More people are gonna
die unless you act.
Waruu, go home and
be the big man.
- Jimmy give you.
- The nulla nulla?
You better pray
you remember how to use it.
Oi, brah, she's with me.
- What?
- She's with me.
The hell she is.
I said she's with me.
Come on.
Oi.
Hey.
Blair, - get him out of here.
Get out of here.
Out!
It's not exactly magic, is it?
You're a disgrace.
Stupid.
What do you guys call it?
Us guys?
Don't give me shit, Koen.
Your people.
The Namorrodor.
And it rips the heart
out of its prey?
That's how the story goes.
Your brother seems to think
it's more than a story.
Well, Waruu doesn't know shit.
Right about the Cleverman
thing, though?
You're the only person
that can kill it.
Ash.
How would you do it?
Come on.
Hypothetically speaking.
If it was real.
You wouldn't just dong it
on the head with this.
Hey, you're not allowed.
'Cause I'm a woman.
You remember that much, then.
Okay, you can't just
bash it on the head.
- There's...
- There's stuff.
There's cultural stuff.
Cultural stuff.
Yeah.
Boy.
We're all fine, then.
'Night.
Angel.
Hey.
I thought you wanted
to draw a line in the sand.
Ilythia offer - a totally different
process to what we've been through.
Yeah, you have to be
a supermodel to get pregnant.
The marketing's appalling, but the
science, it's... It's very...
Go on, tell me
about the science.
- Well, essentially.
- They spike the ovum.
- With a supercharged.
- Mitochondria.
- So that it has.
- A better chance of taking.
Spike?
Yeah, that's the Latin term.
What do they take
the mitochondria from?
A plant, I think.
Well, it's all under patent,
so they were a little vague
about the details.
I wasn't gonna go, but...
They've got a 95%
success rate, Jarrod.
What?
Just, I thought we decided...
it's too heartbreaking.
I know.
I know, but...
Look, um...
I've got an appointment
for Wednesday.
Um, will you come?
Jarrod?
Jarrod.
Of course I'll be there.
- How long till we eat?
- I need to make a call.
Just give me five, yeah?
The heat exchange was greatest in the
adipose tissue in his back, yes?
- Correct.
- Now listen.
All we need to do
is separate the mitochondria
from the uncoupling protein.
We'd need some form
of uncoupling inhibitor.
I'd start with Sestrin-2.
- Do it.
- Proof it.
Let's move forward.
Open your mouth.
How could you do this?
Mouth.
Latani, come on.
I'll find them.
Hey, girl, what do you
think you're doing?
Djukara, you got to shave.
They're looking for you.
Boy!
Get out of here.
Put some more weights
on that rack.
- Teach me.
- No.
Why? Is it because I'm a Hairy?
Hey, you deaf?
Leave it.
Come on, Gub.
Slow your feet down.
You gotta mean - the hit.
Lead.
Lead with the shoulder.
Use your hips, okay?
Jab, jab, and then counter.
- That's it.
- That's it. That's it.
Jab, jab, and counter.
Again.
Jab, jab, counter.
- Keep it tight.
Jab, jab.
That's it, that's it.
Whoa.
Hey there, little brother.
How you doing?
I'm all right.
Look strong.
What can - I do you for?
I'm looking - for a weapon.
Well, take your pick.
Whatever you need.
I need to find my father.
- So you want something.
- A bit more serious.
Something like that?
What are you gonna do?
Bust in there single-handed?
It seriously
won't get you anywhere.
It'll be all right.
- I know where he is.
- I was there.
Knowing where he is and getting
there aren't the same thing.
Hey.
I'll be all right.
What, so you're just gonna walk through
the checkpoint - with your nonexistent ID?
Even if you did, you'd be
picked up on the streets
by the CA in a second
looking like that.
I'll wear a hoodie.
- And gloves.
- And a balaclava.
I'm not shaving.
Then you're an idiot.
- - Hairies out! Hairies out!
- No, no, no, no, no.
You can't come in, mate. You
gotta... you gotta back it up.
You can't come in, all right?
Hairies out!
Hairies out! Hairies out!
Oi.
- CA not letting.
- The food trucks through.
We haven't had delivery
for two days now.
He's trying to starve us out.
Matthews.
What are we gonna do?
Leave it with me.
Here.
Are you okay?
No. No.
That's Koen's.
- He'll go nuts.
- If he sees you.
Hey, Ash, - can you help me?
It's private stuff.
Kora.
Kora?
Well, we have to
call her something.
That's Koen's mum.
He never talks about her.
She died in a car accident.
Hit and run.
They never found out who did it.
She died before
he was even born.
Emergency C-section.
Holy shit.
Hey, no, no, no!
- Hey, hey, hey,
- hey, hey, hey.
Yeah, false alarm.
What are you doing, Ash?
It wasn't Ash, bro.
- It was our home alone.
- Friend here.
- Oi, can...
- That's good, yep.
- I want to see.
- Minister Matthews.
Do you have - an appointment?
No, I don't.
The minister is away
from the office at present.
I'll wait - till he gets back.
- Name?
- Waruu West.
And what's this about, Mr. West?
- He knows.
- What it's about.
Matthews.
Mr. Waruu West.
What does he want?
To see you.
What should I tell him?
You have an 11:00.
The 11:00 can wait.
- Just make sure.
- He's comfortable.
I'll see him once I've
finished up here.
The minister will see you
as soon as he's able.
Can I get you a tea? Coffee?
No, thanks.
Call Waruu West.
- Waruu West.
- Jarrod Slade.
I've got a reporter coming to
the Zone today as we discussed.
I believe you might know her.
Belinda Frosche.
Great.
Thanks, but I'm not sure
she's right for the job.
She's perfect...
Audiences trust her
and she's been on this story
from the start.
But sending a woman...
Look, I have nothing
against Ms. Frosche.
It's a volatile place.
The Zone is...
How very old-fashioned
of you, Mr. West.
Believe me, Belinda knows
how to handle herself.
I'm sure she does,
but it's not her world.
It's not my wife's either, but I'm
not worried about her working there.
Well, the...
The clinic is different.
It's your good work that keeps
things safe, keeps my wife safe.
I'll get Belinda
to give you a call.
I know you.
I've seen your face
somewhere before.
Atta girl.
Get on the bed.
How long?
Two hours.
Structural damage?
None.
Unless you count the box.
Incubation time.
Mouse 30 minutes.
90 for the chimp.
It worked on the chimp?
The chimp didn't cook?
The mouse is gonna break
its neck in there.
And humans?
Are you volunteering, sir?
Hey, stranger.
So I'm heading your way.
Where are you?
Yeah, I'm heading off now.
Meet me inside the checkpoint
in 20 minutes.
- You gonna take me.
- To meet your wife?
Don't play games.
Come on, Waruu.
We're freaking adults.
Well, you know we were.
Look, this doesn't need to
be a miserable experience.
Checkpoint, 20 minutes.
- Tell the minister.
- I had to cancel.
After you, sir.
I'm inside the gate.
Where are you?
Are you sure
this is the right place?
They're gone.
They're all gone.
They're dead.
They're all dead.
You don't know that.
I'm never gonna see
my father again!
We should tell my dad.
He'll know what to do.
- Should have.
- Just left me here.
At least I'd have
been with my father.
Hairies out! Hairies out!
Yeah, whatever.
Hey.
I'm... I'm looking for someone to
take me to meet the Hairy people.
Hey, man, - she's on the news.
You wanna be my tour guide?
Got 10 bucks?
- She wants to see.
- The Hairies,
- But we thought we should.
- Check with Waruu first.
- Hi.
- I'm Belinda Frosche.
I know exactly who you are.
Network 8.
I've seen the reports.
My husband Waruu's not
here, but how can I help?
I'm interested in getting the
other side of the story.
You know, seeing things
from the perspective
of the Hairy peoples,
and I was...
just hoping that
someone could take me
to where they live
and introduce me.
I can take you down to
the Hairy precinct.
Sure they'll be happy
to speak to you.
I'll just get my bag.
Well, you've been busy.
Break and enter.
Conspiracy to commit murder.
Conspiracy to perform
a terrorist attack.
Member of a terrorist
organization.
The Brotherhood
is a peaceful movement.
This peaceful symbol was
drawn in a man's blood.
Listen, we know you're holding
these subhuman fugitives
in the Zone.
Hand them back to us
and we'll forget you had
anything to do with it.
I'm not giving you these boys.
Do you wanna see
your family again?
Those boys didn't kill that
guard, but I know who did.
You've got photos of me in
the containment center.
Have another look.
- I'm wearing a camera.
- On my chest,
And I have footage of that
guard being murdered.
The government's got
plenty of mileage
out of blaming the Hairy
boys and stirring up hate,
but I saw who did it,
and it wasn't a Hairy.
And the Hairy boys didn't
paint this symbol either.
There wasn't a mark on the wall
after that guard was killed.
You blokes or someone
you work for did that.
So go ahead and
charge these boys.
See how far you get.
Yeah.
We're further along
than we thought we were.
We need to accelerate things.
What do you want me to do?
Pick up the item... now.
We need it for the next stage.
That's it, off the backboard.
Shoot a jump shot. That's it.
Wait.
- He's here.
- Yeah?
It's the big guy, - Maliyan.
- We need to talk.
- To him first.
Do you think this
would be all right?
I'd say so.
Okay.
It's best you go on
your own from here.
- They might not talk.
- If I'm there.
All right.
Hey, it's this girl.
What?
Hi.
My name's.
Belinda Frosche.
I'm from Network 8.
I know you.
- That's... okay.
- I'm just a reporter.
- I just wanna ask.
- Some questions.
- And get the other side.
- Of the story.
Really, bitch?
I can...
- I can help - get your message.
- Out there, you know?
And we don't have to...
We don't have to film
if that's not what you want.
I can help change
people's minds.
Please, just...
Just think about
what you're doing.
Shh.
- Maliyan.
- What?!
- Come on, you don't.
- Have to do this.
You skin-mob always
telling us what to do!
Just let her go, please.
Go on, kill her.
If you don't, she'll go back
and tell them lies about us.
But if you do kill
her, get ready.
She's white.
She's famous.
And they'll come back
after all of us.
And you know it.
Screw this!
Thank you.
I'm saving us, not you.
You're not worth dying for.
You're scum.
They shot my little sister.
And your people filmed it.
You didn't even
try and say anything.
- You didn't try.
- And stop them!
You just let them film it!
And then you played it on the television
over and over and over again!
- Let me help you.
- I'm okay.
You're so full of it.
You build this...
wall around you.
That right?
You're not alone in this, Koen.
You have Blair.
You have me.
We're with you.
You just need to tell us how we
can help you kill that thing.
You hear yourself?
- You know how crazy.
- That sounds?
Not as crazy as someone who's
been given some special gift,
using it to pour beer.
Hey.
I don't think the universe
stuffed up, by the way.
You've always had something.
She was here.
You do what you want to me.
I can take it.
But getting - Alinta involved,
- That's not on. - You hear me?
Nerida...
God, Waruu, just 'cause
you want something
doesn't mean
you have to take it.
You were so close
to losing everything...
Me, Alinta, the respect of
the people around here.
You wanna sort your shit out.
We've worked too hard and too
long for you to mess it up now.
No! No!
Remember how we talked about
what's cool and not cool?
This is definitely not cool!
Kora, put the gun down!
- Where the hell.
- Did she get a gun?
Thought we needed protection.
Yeah, we do, brah, from her.
Aah!
- Nobody move, here!
- No!
Kora! Kora!
Give me the gun.
- Here, here, here.
- Ash.
Here, here, here.
Here.
You've got something of mine and
I've got something of yours.
Give me back the girl
and you can have your friend.
Sounds simple.
It's the way
I like to keep things.
No one need get hurt.
And what happens to her?
The girl?
That's not your problem.
Kora?
Come down here.
Kora!
It's all right, Kora.
- Go on.
- Go to the man.
Go on.
Now Ash.
Issue there.
Boss wants you, too.
- Hey.
- Ash?!
Ash... Call an ambulance!
- Call an ambulance!
- Help us.
Ash, Ash, Ash, Okay, I...
Ash. Ash.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Ash.
Ash?
Hey. Ash! Ash!
Ash. Ash. Ash.
Ash? I love you.
- Stay with me.
- Baby?
Ash.
We need to go, bro.
No. I'm not leaving her.
- Blair, we need - to get out...
- Ash.
Blair, she's gone, okay?
She's gone.
- Get out of here.
- Come on!
Leave me alone!
Ashley!
- Glowing...
- Now, we gotta go.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org